Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice
Winner of “Best of gamescom” and “Best Action Game” at gamescom 2018, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is the next adventure from developer FromSoftware, creators of Bloodborne and the Dark Souls series. Carve your own clever path to vengeance in an all-new adventure from developer FromSoftware, creators of the Dark Souls series.

In Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice you are the “one-armed wolf”, a disgraced and disfigured warrior rescued from the brink of death. Bound to protect a young lord who is the descendant of an ancient bloodline, you become the target of many vicious enemies, including the dangerous Ashina clan. When the young lord is captured, nothing will stop you on a perilous quest to regain your honor, not even death itself.

Explore late 1500s Sengoku Japan, a brutal period of constant life and death conflict, as you come face to face with larger than life foes in a dark and twisted world. Unleash an arsenal of deadly prosthetic tools and powerful ninja abilities while you blend stealth, vertical traversal, and visceral head to head combat in a bloody confrontation.

Take Revenge. Restore your honor. Kill Ingeniously.



Grand Theft Auto V
When a young street hustler, a retired bank robber and a terrifying psychopath find themselves entangled with some of the most frightening and deranged elements of the criminal underworld, the U.S. government and the entertainment industry, they must pull off a series of dangerous heists to survive in a ruthless city in which they can trust nobody, least of all each other.


UNCHARTED: LEGACY OF THIEVES
Seek your fortune and leave your mark on the map in the UNCHARTED: Legacy of Thieves Collection. Uncover the thrilling cinematic storytelling and the largest blockbuster action set pieces in the UNCHARTED franchise, packed with all the wit, cunning, and over the top moments of the beloved thieves – Nathan Drake and Chloe Frazer.

In an experience delivered by award winning developer Naughty Dog, the UNCHARTED: Legacy of Thieves Collection includes the two critically-acclaimed, globe-trotting single player adventures from UNCHARTED™ 4: A Thief’s End and UNCHARTED™: The Lost Legacy. Each story is filled with laughs, drama, high octane combat, and a sense of wonder – remastered to be even more immersive.


Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 was one of the leading blockbusters of 2009. We suggest you re-go through the epic campaign from this game, recreated in high definition. The campaign begins immediately after the dramatic events of the revolutionary game Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, which has won worldwide recognition. The exciting and dynamic plot of Modern Warfare 2 is dedicated to repelling a new threat that has put the world on the brink of disaster.
The Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 campaign received improved textures, animations, a realistic physical model, an expanded dynamic range of lighting and a number of other new generation technologies. Together with Sope, Price, Ghost and the rest of OTG-141, you have to restore the world order by participating in such classic episodes as “Rock Climber”, “Colony” and “Whiskey-Hostel”.


BATMAN: ARKHAM KNIGHT
Batman™: Arkham Knight brings the award-winning Arkham trilogy from Rocksteady Studios to its epic conclusion. Developed exclusively for New-Gen platforms, Batman: Arkham Knight introduces Rocksteady’s uniquely designed version of the Batmobile. The highly anticipated addition of this legendary vehicle, combined with the acclaimed gameplay of the Arkham series, offers gamers the ultimate and complete Batman experience as they tear through the streets and soar across the skyline of the entirety of Gotham City. In this explosive finale, Batman faces the ultimate threat against the city that he is sworn to protect, as Scarecrow returns to unite the super criminals of Gotham and destroy the Batman forever.

FIFA 23
Experience the pinnacle of women’s international football in EA SPORTS™ FIFA 23 with the FIFA Women’s World Cup Australia and New Zealand 2023™ available on June 27th at no additional cost*. Rep your country’s colors and live the tournament in the most immersive EA SPORTS™ FIFA Women’s World Cup™ experience yet, complete with each of the 32 qualified nations, custom stadium dressings, cinematics, match presentations, dedicated commentary, and of course, the authentic trophy to hoist at the end.
EA SPORTS™ FIFA 23 brings The World’s Game to the pitch, with HyperMotion2 Technology that delivers even more gameplay realism, both the men’s and women’s FIFA World Cup™ coming to the game as post-launch updates, the addition of women’s club teams, cross-play features**, and more. Experience unrivaled authenticity with over 19,000 players, 700+ teams, 100 stadiums, and over 30 leagues in FIFA 23.


GOD OF WAR 
Enter the Norse realm:
His vengeance against the Gods of Olympus years behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the realm of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same.

Grasp a second chance:
Kratos is a father again. As mentor and protector to Atreus, a son determined to earn his respect, he is forced to deal with and control the rage that has long defined him while out in a very dangerous world with his son.

Journey to a dark, elemental world of fearsome creatures:
From the marble and columns of ornate Olympus to the gritty forests, mountains and caves of pre-Viking Norse lore, this is a distinctly new realm with its own pantheon of creatures, monsters and gods.

Engage in visceral, physical combat:
With an over the shoulder camera that brings the player closer to the action than ever before, fights in God of War™ mirror the pantheon of Norse creatures Kratos will face: grand, gritty and grueling. A new main weapon and new abilities retain the defining spirit of the God of War series while presenting a vision of conflict that forges new ground in the genre.



RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2
America, 1899.
Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are outlaws on the run. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang must rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal divisions threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang who raised him.

Now featuring additional Story Mode content and a fully-featured Photo Mode, Red Dead Redemption 2 also includes free access to the shared living world of Red Dead Online, where players take on an array of roles to carve their own unique path on the frontier as they track wanted criminals as a Bounty Hunter, create a business as a Trader, unearth exotic treasures as a Collector or run an underground distillery as a Moonshiner and much more.



FORZA HORIZON 5
Your Ultimate Horizon Adventure awaits! Explore the vibrant and ever-evolving open world landscapes of Mexico with limitless, fun driving action in hundreds of the world’s greatest cars.
Begin Your Horizon Adventure today!

Hot Wheels DLC Expansion:
Calling all daredevil drivers and creators! Blast off to the visually stunning, exhilarating new Horizon Hot Wheels Park in the clouds high above Mexico. Experience the fastest, most extreme tracks ever devised. Design, build, and share your own Hot Wheels adventure with over 80 distinct, snappable track pieces. Race 10 amazing new cars including the lightning fast 2021 Hennessey Venom F5 and the iconic 2000 Hot Wheels Deora II.

Rally Adventure DLC Expansion:
Your FORZA HORIZON 5 RALLY ADVENTURE is here! Drive purpose-built rally monsters and conquer the rugged Sierra Nueva. Join three rally teams and attack Horizon’s most thrilling routes ever in Horizon Rally and Horizon Races. Feel the intensity of massive dust trails and deformable sand roads in 10 new cars and experience the bursting flames of anti-lag. Explore dramatic craters, an abandoned quarry and an entirely smashable palm forest.


ELDEN RING
Game Features

A Vast World Full of Excitement: A vast world where open fields with a variety of situations and huge dungeons with complex and three-dimensional designs are seamlessly connected. As you explore, the joy of discovering unknown and overwhelming threats await you, leading to a high sense of accomplishment.
Create your Own Character: In addition to customizing the appearance of your character, you can freely combine the weapons, armor, and magic that you equip. You can develop your character according to your play style, such as increasing your muscle strength to become a strong warrior, or mastering magic.
An Epic Drama Born from a Myth: A multilayered story told in fragments. An epic drama in which the various thoughts of the characters intersect in the Lands Between.
Unique Online Play that Loosely Connects You to Others: In addition to multiplayer, where you can directly connect with other players and travel together, the game supports a unique asynchronous online element that allows you to feel the presence of others.

THE LAST OF US: PART I
Experience the emotional storytelling and unforgettable characters in The Last of Us™, winner of over 200 Game of the Year awards.
In a ravaged civilization, where infected and hardened survivors run rampant, Joel, a weary protagonist, is hired to smuggle 14-year-old Ellie out of a military quarantine zone. However, what starts as a small job soon transforms into a brutal cross-country journey.

Includes the complete The Last of Us single-player story and celebrated prequel chapter, Left Behind, which explores the events that changed the lives of Ellie and her best friend Riley forever.


GHOST OF TSUSHIMA

For the very first time on PC, play through Jin Sakai’s journey and discover the complete Ghost of Tsushima experience in this Director’s Cut.
In the late 13th century, the Mongol empire has laid waste to entire nations along their campaign to conquer the East. Tsushima Island is all that stands between mainland Japan and a massive Mongol invasion fleet led by the ruthless and cunning general, Khotun Khan.

As the island burns in the wake of the first wave of the Mongol assault, courageous samurai warrior Jin Sakai stands resolute. As one of the last surviving members of his clan, Jin is resolved to do whatever it takes, at any cost, to protect his people and reclaim his home. He must set aside the traditions that have shaped him as a warrior to forge a new path, the path of the Ghost, and wage an unconventional war for the freedom of Tsushima.